---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cybercontroller_alteon_virtual_service_data Data Source - terraform-provider-cybercontroller"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cybercontroller_alteon_virtual_service_data (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `action` (Number) Action type of the service.If we set value as group(1) it will Load balance the traffic between the servers defined in the group field after performing all other services actions.when set to a value of redirect(2) for http/https services, an http/s redirection will be performed with the values set in the application redirection.If we set value as discard(3) it will drop the session.
- `alteonip` (String) IP Address of the Alteon managed by the cybercontroller.
- `alwayson` (Number) service always on when AS++ script attached.
- `apm` (Number) Enable/disable apm.
- `applicname` (String) Correlate several services into one application at the visualization.
- `appwallwebappid` (String) This object ID allows configuring the web security ID
- `awinflow` (Number) Set if AW processing comes before or after Alteon HTTP parsing.
- `awmintransop` (Number) Set overload protection mintrans
- `awthresholdop` (Number) Set overload protection threshold
- `basicconnmgtstatus` (Number) Connection management configuration for Tcp traffic(Enable/disable) [Default: Disable].
- `betcppolid` (String) Backend TCP optimization policy.
- `botpol` (String) Set Bot Manager Policy.
- `bwmcontract` (Number) The BWM contract number for this service.
- `cachepol` (String) Cache policy name associated with this virtual service.Set none to delete entry
- `cdnproxy` (Number) Enable/Disable CDN proxy.
- `cexpire` (String) The cookie expire of the virtual server used for insert cookie load balance depending on the mode it has the following format absolute mode or for relative mode.
- `ckrebind` (Number) Enable or disable server rebalancing when cookie is absent. When enabled, server load balancing will happen for subsequent request comes without cookie.
- `clength` (Number) The number of bytes to extract from the cookie value.
- `clntproxtype` (Number) Set client proximity type for this service.
- `cloaksrv` (Number) Enable/disable server cloaking.
- `clsonfastage` (Number) Set close connection on fastaging treatment.
- `clsonslowage` (Number) Set close connection on aging treatment.
- `clsrst` (Number) Enable or disable Send RST on connection close.
- `cluster` (Number) Enable or disable Cluster Updates for the service.
- `clustername` (String) Name of the cluster.
- `cname` (String) The cookie name of the virtual server used for cookie load balance.
- `coffset` (Number) The starting byte offset of the cookie value.
- `comppol` (String) Compression policy name associated with this virtual service.Set none to delete entry
- `connmgtstatus` (Number) Connection management configuration for HTTP traffic(Enable/disable/pooling) [Default: Disable].
- `connmgttimeout` (Number) Connection management server side connection idle timeout in minutes [0-32768] [Default: 10].
- `connpooling` (Number) Enable/disable connection pooling for HTTP traffic.
- `cookiedname` (Number) Select dname for insert cookie persistence mode.
- `cookiehttponly` (Number) Is cookie http only [yes/no] [Default: no].
- `cookiemode` (Number) Select cookie persistence mode. Mode disabled(4) not supported on Alteon
- `cookiepath` (String) The cookie path name of the virtual server used for cookie load balance.
- `cookiesamesite` (Number) The cookie samesite attribute of the virtual server used for cookie load balance.
- `cookiesecure` (Number) Is cookie secure [yes/no] [Default: no].
- `dataport` (Number) The ftp control service data port
- `dbind` (Number) Enable/disable/forceproxy delayed binding.
- `deletestatus` (Number) When set to the value of 2 (delete), the entire row is deleted. When read, other(1) is returned. Setting the value to anything other than 2(delete) has no effect on the state of the row.Apm - Enable/disable apm.
- `direct` (Number) Enable or disable DAM for this service.
- `dirserverrtn` (Number) Enable or disable direct server return feature. To translate only MAC addresses in performing server load balancing when enabled. This allow servers to return directly to client since IP addresses have not been changed.
- `dnsslb` (Number) Enable or disable DNS query load balancing.
- `dnstype` (Number) Set DNS type for this service (DNS, DNSSEC).
- `dohtype` (Number) Set DOH mode.
- `dummydelete` (Number) This mib is dummy,the main Delete mib is in slbNewCfgEnhVirtServicesTable When read, other(1) is returned.
- `egresspip` (Number) Enable/disable pip selection based on egress port/vlan.
- `fallbackuseaw` (Number) Enable/disable security web application processing when no content rule matches.
- `fetcppolid` (String) Frontend TCP optimization policy.
- `ftpparsing` (Number) Enable or Disable the ftp parsing for the virtual service.
- `granularity` (Number) Sets the Granularity for this service, for statistics report-protocol information. Group(1) - for group level, or GroupAndServers(2) - for server level.
- `hashlen` (Number) Set length for slb service sip hashing (4- 256 bytes)
- `hname` (String) The host name of the virtual service.
- `http2` (String) Http2 policy name associated with this virtual service.
- `http3` (String) Http3 policy name associated with this virtual service.
- `http3port` (Number) Set HTTP3 port for this virtual service
- `httphdrname` (String) The HTTP header name of the virtual server.
- `httpmodlist` (String) HTTP Content Modifications Rule-list associated with this virtual service.Set none to delete entry
- `httpredir` (Number) Enable/disable HTTP/HTTPS redirect for GSLB.
- `httpslb` (Number) Select HTTP server loadbalancing for the virtual port.
- `httpslb2` (Number) Select HTTP server loadbalancing for the virtual port.
- `httpslboption` (Number) Select HTTP server loadbalancing for the virtual port.
- `index` (Number) The service index. This has no external meaning
- `ipheader` (String) Set ip address header.
- `iprep` (Number) Enable/Disable IP reputation.
- `isdnssecvip` (Number) It returns Yes(1) if virtual service is configure auto with a DNS Responder VIP, else returns no(0).Http3 - Http3 policy name associated with this virtual service.
- `jsinject` (Number) Set JS inject mode.
- `ldapreset` (Number) Enable or disable LDAP Server Reset
- `ldapslb` (Number) Enable or disable LDAP Server load balancing
- `name` (String) The name of the virtual service.
- `namesrvr` (String) Set DNS Nameserver group.
- `nonhttp` (Number) Enable/Disable to send non-HTTP traffic.
- `nortsp` (Number) Enable or disable only rtsp SLB for this service.
- `parselength` (Number) The buffer length for content based selection.
- `parselimit` (Number) Enable or disable buffer limit for content based selection.
- `pbind` (Number) Enable or disable persistent bindings for the virtual port.
- `pbindrport` (Number) Enable or disable use of rport in the session lookup for a persistent session.
- `persistenttimeout` (Number) The maximum number of minutes a persistent session should exist.
- `proxyipaddr` (String)
- `proxyipmask` (String) This object ID allows configuring IPv4 PIP Mask. Returns 0 when slbNewCfgVirtServiceProxyIpMode is not set to address. When a subnet is configured user has the ability to select PIP persistency mode. Persistency is relevant only if either IPv4 PIP or IPv6 PIP (or both) are configured as subnet. If neither of the addresses (v4 & v6) are configured or are subnets, the persistency value is disable.
- `proxyipmode` (Number) Set the Proxy IP mode, default is ingress(0). Changing from address(2) to any other mode will clear the configured IPv4/IPv6 address,prefix and persistancy. Changing from nwclass(3) to any other mode will clear the configured NWclass and NWpersistancy.
- `proxyipnwclasspersistency` (Number) This object ID allows configuring Network Class PIP persistency mode. Returns 0 when slbNewCfgVirtServiceProxyIpMode is not set to nwclass. Persistency is relevant only if either IPv4 PIP or IPv6 PIP (or both) are configured as subnet. If neither of the addresses (v4 & v6) are configured or are subnets, the persistency value is disable.
- `proxyipnwsclass` (String) This object ID allows configuring IPv4 Network Class as PIP and PIP persistency mode. Returns empty string when slbNewCfgVirtServiceProxyIpMode is not set to nwclass. Persistency is relevant only if either IPv4 or IPv6 class (or both) are configured. If neither of the classes (v4 & v6) are configured, the persistency configuration value is disable.
- `proxyippersistency` (Number) When a subnet is configured user has the ability to select PIP persistency mode. Returns 0 when slbNewCfgVirtServiceProxyIpMode is not set to address. Persistency is relevant only if either IPv4 PIP or IPv6 PIP (or both) are configured as subnet. If neither of the addresses (v4 & v6) are configured or are subnets, the persistency value is disable.
- `proxyipv6addr` (String) This object ID allows configuring IPv6 PIP address. Returns 0 when slbNewCfgVirtServiceProxyIpMode is not set to address. When a subnet is configured user has the ability to select PIP persistency mode. Persistency is relevant only if either IPv4 PIP or IPv6 PIP (or both) are configured as subnet. Address should be 4-byte hexadecimal colon notation. Valid IPv6 address should be in any of the following forms xxxx:xxxx:xxxx:xxxx:xxxx:xxxx:xxxx:xxxx or xxxx::xxxx:xxxx:xxxx:xxxx or ::xxxx. If neither of the addresses (v4 & v6) are configured or are subnets, the persistency value is disable
- `proxyipv6nwclass` (String) This object ID allows configuring IPv6 Network Class as PIP and PIP persistency mode. Returns empty string when slbNewCfgVirtServiceProxyIpMode is not set to nwclass. Persistency is relevant only if either IPv4 or IPv6 class (or both) are configured. If neither of the classes (v4 & v6) are configured, the persistency configuration value is disable.
- `proxyipv6prefix` (Number) This object ID allows configuring IPv6 PIP Mask. Returns 0 when slbNewCfgVirtServiceProxyIpMode is not set to address. When a subnet is configured user has the ability to select PIP persistency mode. Persistency is relevant only if either IPv4 PIP or IPv6 PIP (or both) are configured as subnet. If neither of the addresses (v4 & v6) are configured or are subnets, the persistency value is disable.
- `quic` (String) Quic policy name associated with this virtual service.
- `realgroup` (String) The real server group number for this service.
- `realport` (Number) The layer4 real port number of the service, it can be either 0 for multiple real ports or 1 for ip service or between 5 to 65534. (2 to 5 are invalid)
- `redirect` (String) Application redirection location.We need to provide this value When action type is set to redirect(2).
- `remapudpfrags` (Number) Enable or disable remapping UDP server fragments
- `report` (Number) Enable/disable counter based reporting for service.
- `reqheaderstimeout` (Number) Set request headers timeout in msec
- `responsecount` (Number) The number of cookie search response count.
- `rtspurlparse` (Number) Select RTSP URL load balancing type.
- `rtsrctnl` (Number) Enable/Disable Return to Source Tunnel.
- `satisrt` (Number) Application satisfied response time threshold, inherits the value from the global satisfied value or set with different value 1-999999 ms.
- `sdpnat` (Number) Enable/disable SIP Media portal NAT.
- `secpol` (String) Security policy name associated with this virtual service. Set none to delete entry
- `securepathpol` (String) Set SecurePath Policy.
- `sendrst` (Number) Enable/Disable sending reset/icmp-err when the service is down.
- `servapplicationtype` (Number) Application Type for virtual service.
- `servcert` (String) Server Certificate name associated with this virtual service.
- `servcertenc` (String) GM SSL Server encryption Certificate name associated with this virtual service.
- `servcertgrpmark` (Number) Group Mark for Server Certificate. If we set value as cert(0) It will denote that the server certificate (name) associated with this virtual service, represents a certificate. Otherwise, a value of group(1), denotes that the server certificate (name) represents a group.
- `servcertsign` (String) GM SSL Server sign Certificate name associated with this virtual service.
- `serverrcode` (String) set error code [Default: 302].
- `serverrcodehttpredir` (Number) Use http redirection [yes/no] [Default: yes].
- `serverrcodematch` (String) Match error-code(s), e.g 203,204 .
- `serverrcodenew` (String) Enter new error code [Default: 302].
- `serverrcodereason` (String) Enter error reason.
- `serverrcodestatus` (Number) Enable/disable/clear error-code configuration.
- `serverrcodeurl` (String) URL for redirection.
- `servfastwa` (String) Fastview web application name associated with this virtual service.Set none to delete entry
- `servindex` (String) The number of the virtual server.
- `servpathhidehostname` (String) Enter hostname to match.
- `servpathhidehosttype` (Number) Enter hostname type [sufx|prefx|eq|incl|any] [Default: any].
- `servpathhidepathname` (String) Enter path to remove.
- `servpathhidepathtype` (Number) Enter path match type [sufx|prefx|eq|none].
- `servpathhidestatus` (Number) Enter enabled/disabled/clear [Default: clear].
- `servtextrepaction` (Number) Enter action [replace|remove|none].
- `servtextrepmatchtext` (String) Enter text to be replaced.
- `servtextrepreplactxt` (String) Enter new text.
- `servtextrepstatus` (Number) Enter enabled/disabled/clear [Default: clear].
- `servurlchangactntype` (Number) Enter path action type.
- `servurlchanghostname` (String) Enter hostname to match.
- `servurlchanghosttype` (Number) Enter hostname match type [sufx|prefx|eq|incl|any] [Default: any]
- `servurlchanginsrtpostn` (Number) Insert the specified path before or after the matched section
- `servurlchangnewpgname` (String) Enter new page name or none.
- `servurlchangnewpgtype` (String) Enter new page type or none.
- `servurlchangpagename` (String) Enter page name to match or none.
- `servurlchangpagetype` (String) Enter page type to match or none.
- `servurlchangpathinsrt` (String) Enter path to insert.
- `servurlchangpathmatch` (String) Enter path to match.
- `servurlchangpathtype` (Number) Enter path match type [sufx|prefx|eq|incl|any|none].
- `servurlchangstatus` (Number) Enter enabled/disabled/clear [Default: clear].
- `sessentrymode` (Number) Session entry mode.
- `sessionmirror` (Number) Enable/disable session mirroring.
- `sesslog` (Number) Enable or disable Session Logging.
- `sideband` (String) Set Sideband policy.
- `sip` (Number) Enable/disable SIP load balancing.
- `softgrid` (Number) Enable/disable softgrid load balancing.
- `sslpol` (String) SSL policy name associated with this virtual service.Set none to delete entry
- `status` (Number) The service status: up, down, admin down, warning, shutdown, error.
- `thash` (Number) Set hash parameter.
- `timeout` (Number) The maximum number of minutes an inactive connection remains open.
- `trevpol` (String) Set Traffic Event Log Policy.
- `udpage` (Number) Fast aging of UDP sessions.
- `udpbalance` (Number) Set protocol for the virtual service to UDP or TCP or SCTP or tcpAndUdp or stateless. tcpAndUdp is applicable only to ip service.
- `uhash` (Number) Enable when there is no Session Directory server.
- `uricookie` (Number) Enable or disable cookie search in URI
- `urinorm` (Number) Enable or disable URI normalization for HTTP content matching.
- `urlhashlen` (Number) The number of bytes used to hash onto server, A zero means URL hashing disabled.
- `userdefinedipheader` (String) Set ip address header set by the user.
- `virtport` (Number) The layer4 virtual port number of the service. it can be either 1 for ip or between 9 to 65534, virt port no. 2 to 9 are invalid
- `wts` (Number) Enable or disable WTS loadbalancing and persistence.
- `xforwardedfor` (Number) Enable/disable X-Forwarded-For for proxy mode.
- `zerowinsize` (Number) Enable or disable zero window size in SYN+ACK for this service.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
