---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cybercontroller_alteon_virtual_server Resource - terraform-provider-cybercontroller"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cybercontroller_alteon_virtual_server (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `elements` (Block List, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--elements))
- `index` (String) The Virtual Server Number.

### Optional

- `alteonip` (String) IP Address of the Alteon managed by the cybercontroller.
- `clustername` (String) Name of the cluster.
- `last_updated` (String) Resource last updated time.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--elements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `elements`

Required:

- `virtserveripaddress` (String) IP address of the virtual server.

Optional:

- `virtserveraddrule` (Number) The rule to be added to the domain. When read, 0 is returned.
- `virtserveravail` (Number) The virtual server Global SLB availability.
- `virtserveravailpersist` (Number) Enable/disable GSLB availability persistence.
- `virtserverbwmcontract` (Number) The default BW contract number of the virtual server.
- `virtservercreationtype` (Number) Virtual Server Creation Type.
- `virtservercreset` (Number) Enable/disable client connection reset for invalid VPORT.
- `virtserverdelete` (Number) By setting the value to delete(2), the entire row is deleted.
- `virtserverdname` (String) The domain name of the virtual server.
- `virtserverfreeserviceidx` (Number) The first free service index number of the virtual server. Value 0 will be returned when all 8 virtual services are configured for a virtual server.
- `virtserveripv6addr` (String) The IPv6 address of the virtual server. Address should be 4-byte hexadecimal colon notation. Valid IPv6 address should be in any of the following forms xxxx:xxxx:xxxx:xxxx:xxxx:xxxx:xxxx:xxxx or xxxx::xxxx:xxxx:xxxx:xxxx or ::xxxx
- `virtserveripver` (Number) The type of IP address.
- `virtserverisdnssecvip` (Number) This mib returns Yes(1) if virtual server is a DNS Responder VIP, else returns no(0)
- `virtserverlayer3only` (Number) Enable or disable layer3 only balancing.
- `virtservernat` (String) IP address of the NAT.
- `virtservernat6` (String) The IPv6 address of the NAT. Address should be 4-byte hexadecimal colon notation. Valid IPv6 address should be in any of the following forms xxxx:xxxx:xxxx:xxxx:xxxx:xxxx:xxxx:xxxx or xxxx::xxxx:xxxx:xxxx:xxxx or ::xxxx
- `virtserverremoverule` (Number) The rule to be removed from the domain. When read, 0 is returned.
- `virtserverrtsrcmac` (Number) Enable/disable return to source mac address.
- `virtserverrule` (String) The Global SLB rules for the domain. The rules are presented in bitmap format. in receiving order: OCTET 1 OCTET 2 ..... xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx ..... | || |_ server 9 | || | ||___ server 8 | |____ server 7 | . . . |__________ server 1 where x : 1 - The represented rule belongs to the domain 0 - The represented rule does not belong to the domain
- `virtserversrcnetwork` (String) Source Network Classifier of the virtual server.
- `virtserverstate` (Number) Enable or disable the virtual server.
- `virtservervname` (String) The name of the virtual server.
- `virtserverwanlink` (String) Associate a real wanlink server to virtual server.
- `virtserverweight` (Number) The virtual server Global SLB weight.
