---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cybercontroller_alteon_server_group Resource - terraform-provider-cybercontroller"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cybercontroller_alteon_server_group (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `elements` (Block List, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--elements))

### Optional

- `alteonip` (String) IP Address of the Alteon managed by the cybercontroller
- `clustername` (String) Name of the cluster
- `index` (String) The group alphanumeric index for which the information pertains.
- `last_updated` (String) Resource last updated time.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--elements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `elements`

Optional:

- `addserver` (String) The real server to be added to the group. When read, 0 is returned.
- `backup` (String) The backup real group or real server for this group.
- `backupgroup` (String) The backup real server group for this group.
- `backupserver` (String) The backup real server for this group.
- `backuptype` (Number) Backup type of the real server group.
- `copy` (String) The alphanumeric index of the new copy to be created.
- `deletestatus` (Number) By setting the value to delete(2), the entire group is deleted.
- `healthcheckformula` (String) The formula used to state the actual health of a virtual service. It allows user to use the symbols of '(', ')', '|', '&' to construct a formula to state the health of the server group.This string can take the following formats : '(1&2|3..)', '128' or 'none'
- `healthchecklayer` (Number) The OSI layer at which servers are health checked. From version 29.0.0.0 the following values are not supported: snmp2-snmp5, script1-script64.
- `healthcheckurl` (String) The specific content which is examined during health checks. The content depends on the type of health check.
- `healthid` (String) The Advanced HC ID.
- `idschain` (Number) Enable or disable IDS group participation in inspection chain.
- `idsflood` (Number) Enable or disable intrusion detection group flood.
- `idsport` (Number) The intrusion detection port. A value of 1 is invalid.
- `idsstate` (Number) Enable or disable intrusion detection.
- `ipver` (Number) The type of real server group IP address.
- `maxconex` (Number) Enable or Disable override maximum connections limit.
- `maxthreshold` (Number) The maximum threshold value for this group.
- `metric` (Number) The metric used to select next server in group.
- `minmisshash` (Number) 24|32 number of sip bits used for minmisses hash in the new_configuration block.
- `minthreshold` (Number) The minimum threshold value for this group.
- `name` (String) The name of the real server group.
- `operatoraccess` (Number) Enable or disable access to this group for operator.
- `phashmask` (String) IP address mask used by the persistent hash metric.
- `phashprefixlength` (Number) Prefix length used by the persistent hash metric.
- `radiusauthenstring` (String) The group RADIUS authentication string. The string is used for generating encrypted authentication string while doing RADIUS health check for this group radius servers.
- `realthreshold` (Number) The minimum number of real servers available.If it reaches the minimum limit a SYSLOG ALERT message is send to to the configured syslog servers stating that the real server threshold has been reached for the concerned group.
- `removeserver` (String) The real server to be removed from the group. When read, 0 is returned.
- `rmetric` (Number) The metric used to select next rport in server.
- `secbackupgroup` (String) The Secondary backup real server group for this group.
- `secdeviceflag` (Number) The Group security device flag
- `sectype` (Number) The Group security device type.
- `slowstart` (Number) The slow-start time for this group.
- `type` (Number) Group type.
- `viphealthcheck` (Number) Enable or disable VIP health checking in DSR mode.
- `wlm` (Number) The Workload Manager for this Group.
