---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cybercontroller_alteon_real_server Resource - terraform-provider-cybercontroller"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cybercontroller_alteon_real_server (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `elements` (Block List, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--elements))
- `index` (String) The real server number

### Optional

- `alteonip` (String) IP Address of the Alteon managed by the cybercontroller
- `clustername` (String) Name of the cluster
- `elements_2` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--elements_2))
- `elements_3` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--elements_3))
- `last_updated` (String) Resource last updated time.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--elements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `elements`

Required:

- `ipaddr` (String) IP address of the real server identified by the instance of slbRealServerIndex.

Optional:

- `addportsegress` (Number) The egress port to be added to the specified security device. A zero is returned when read.
- `addportsingress` (Number) The ingress port to be added to the specified security device. A '0' value is returned when read.
- `addurl` (Number) The URL Path (slbCurCfgUrlLbPathIndex) to be added to the real server. A zero is returned when read.
- `cookie` (Number) Enable or disable real server to handle client requests that don't contain a cookie if cookie loadbalance is enabled.
- `copy` (String) The alphanumeric index of the new copy to be created.
- `deletestatus` (Number) By setting the value to delete(2), the entire row is deleted.
- `egressif` (Number) The egress interface specified on security device. Used for SSL wizard
- `excludestr` (Number) Enable or disable exclusionary matching string on real server.
- `failretry` (Number) The number of failed attempts to declare this server DOWN.
- `idsport` (Number) The port to be connected to IDS server.
- `ingport` (Number) The ingress port to be connected to IDS server.
- `ingressif` (Number) The ingress interface specified on security device. Used for SSL wizard
- `ipv6addr` (String) IPV6 address of the real server identified by the instance of the slbRealServerIndex.
- `ipver` (Number) The type of IP address.
- `llbtype` (Number) The server type.
- `maxconns` (Number) The maximum number of connections that are allowed.
- `name` (String) The name of the real server.
- `nxtbuddyidx` (Number) The next available free slot Buddy index number, to add the Buddy Server to the Real server. Value 0 will be returned if no free slot available.
- `nxtrportidx` (Number) The next available free slot index number, to add the real port to the server. Value 0 will be returned if no free slot available.
- `pinginterval` (Number) The interval between keep-alive (ping) attempts in number of seconds. Zero means disabling ping attempt.
- `portsegress` (String) List of egress ports attached to the real server (security device), used for SSL inspection WebUI wizard
- `portsingress` (String) List of ingress ports attached to the real server (security device), used for SSL inspection WebUI wizard.
- `remportsegress` (Number) The egress port to be removed to the specified security device. A zero is returned when read.
- `remportsingress` (Number) The ingress port to be removed to the specified security device. A zero is returned when read.
- `remurl` (Number) The URL Path (slbCurCfgUrlLbPathIndex) to be removed from the real server. A zero is returned when read.
- `secdeviceflag` (Number) The Real security device flag.
- `sectype` (Number) The security device type.
- `state` (Number) Enable or disable the server and remove the existing sessions using disabled-with-fastage option.
- `submac` (Number) The real server config to enable/disable MAC SA substitution for L4 traffic.If disabled will not substitute the MAC SA of client-to-server frames, if enabled will substitute the MAC SA.
- `succretry` (Number) The number of successful attempts to declare a server UP.
- `timeout` (Number) The maximum number of minutes an inactive connection remains open.
- `type` (Number) The server type. It participates in global server load balancing when it is configured as remote-server.
- `vlanegress` (Number) The egress Vlan specified on security device. Used for SSL wizard
- `vlaningress` (Number) The ingress Vlan specified on security device. Used for SSL wizard
- `weight` (Number) The server weight.


<a id="nestedblock--elements_2"></a>
### Nested Schema for `elements_2`

Optional:

- `avail` (Number) The remote real server Global SLB availability.
- `bkppreempt` (Number) The real server config to enable/disable backup preemption. If enabled (default)allows to preempt the backup server when the primary server comes up.
- `fasthealthcheck` (Number) The real server config to enable/disable Fast Health Check Operation.
- `idsvlan` (Number) The VLAN to be associated with IDS server.
- `ingvlan` (Number) The ingress VLAN to be associated with IDS server.
- `ldapwr` (Number) The real server config to enable/disable LDAP write server.
- `mode` (Number) Set the mode of the real server. By default the mode is set to physical.
- `overflow` (Number) The real server config to enable/disable Overflow. If enabled(default) allows Backup server to kick in if real server reaches maximum connections.
- `proxy` (Number) The real server config to enable/disable client proxy operation.
- `proxyipaddress` (String) Allows configuration of real server proxy IP v4 address . The IP version for addr must be the same as the real server IP version.
- `proxyipmask` (String) Allows configuration of real server proxy IP Mask. The IP version for addr must be the same as the real server IP version.
- `proxyipmode` (Number) Set the real server Proxy IP mode.Changing from address(2) to any other mode will clear the configured IPv4/IPv6 address,prefix and persistancy.Changing from nwclass(3) to any other mode will clear the configured NWclass and NWpersistancy.
- `proxyipnwclass` (String) Allows configuration of real server proxy IP IPv4 or IPv6 Network Class as PIP. It can be set only if slbNewCfgEnhRealServerProxyIpMode is nwclss else return failure.
- `proxyipnwclasspersistency` (Number) Allows configuration of real server Network Class PIP persistency mode.It can be set only if slbNewCfgEnhRealServerProxyIpMode is nwclss else return failure.
- `proxyippersistency` (Number) When a subnet is configured user has the ability to select PIP persistency mode.can be set only if slbNewCfgEnhRealServerProxyIpMode is address else return failure.If PIP is not configured the persistency configuration is disable.
- `proxyipv6address` (String) Allows configuration of real server proxy IPv6 address . The IP version for addr must be the same as the real server IP version.Returns emply if IP version is IPv4 or slbNewCfgEnhRealServerProxyIpMode is not set to address.
- `proxyipv6prefix` (Number) Allows configuration of real server proxy IPv6 Mask. The IP version for addr must be the same as the real server IP version.
- `subdmac` (Number) The real server config to enable/disable MAC DA substitution for L4 traffic.If disabled will not substitute the MAC DA of client-to-server frames,if enabled will substitute the MAC DA.
- `updateallrealservers` (Number) Set all the real servers having the same RIP address as this real server with the mode and/or maximum connection value (if mode is physical) that is set in this real server.
- `urlbmap` (String) The URL Paths selected for URL load balancing for by the real server. The selected URL Paths are presented in a bitmap format.


<a id="nestedblock--elements_3"></a>
### Nested Schema for `elements_3`

Optional:

- `backup` (String) The backup server number for this server.
- `commstring` (String) The community string to be used in the SNMP get request packet.
- `criticalconnthrsh` (Number) Critical connection threshold.
- `downloadbandwidth` (Number) Download bandwidth limit for WAN Link real server in Mbps.
- `healthid` (String) The Advanced HC ID.
- `highconnthrsh` (Number) High connection threshold.
- `oid` (String) The OID to be sent in the SNMP get request packet.
- `uploadbandwidth` (Number) Upload bandwidth limit for WAN Link real server in Mbps.
